<<Address>>

<<Greeting>>

Request for urgent business relationship 

First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction. This is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and 'top secret'. 
I am sure and have confidence of your ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great magnitude involving a pending transaction 
requiring maximum confidence. 

We are top official of the federal government contract review panel who are interested in importation of goods into our country with funds which are 
presently trapped in Nigeria. In order to commence this business we solicit your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said trapped funds. 

The source of this fund is as follows; during the last military regime here in Nigeria, the government officials set up companies and awarded themselves 
contracts which were grossly over-invoiced in various ministries. The present civilian government set up a contract review panel and we have identified 
a lot of inflated contract funds which are presently floating in the central bank of Nigeria ready for payment. 

However, by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of this panel, we cannot acquire this money in our names. I have therefore, been 
delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues of the panel to look for an overseas partner into whose account we would transfer the sum of 
us$ 21,320,000.00(twenty one million, three hundred and twenty thousand US dollars). Hence we are writing you this letter. We have agreed to share 
the money thus; 1. 20% for the account owner 2. 70% for us (the officials) 3. 10% to be used in settling taxation and all local and foreign expenses. 
It is from the 70% that we wish to commence the importation business. 

Please, note that this transaction is 100% safe and we hope to commence the transfer latest seven (7) banking days from the date of the receipt of the 
following information by tel/fax; 234-1-7740449, your company's signed, and stamped letterhead paper the above information will enable us write letters 
of claim and job description respectively. This way we will use your company's name to apply for payment and re-award the contract in your company's name. 

We are looking forward to doing this business with you and solicit your confidentiality in this transaction. Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter 
using the above tel/fax numbers. I will send you detailed information of this pending project when I have heard from you. 

Yours faithfully, 

Dr Clement Okon 

Note; please quote this reference number (ve/s/09/99) in all your responses.
